Ah oh old man
I have served you for most of my life
In the end, you don't trust us mother and son
Don't pretend to be miserable here
We don't eat your set at all
Ah grandpa
They've already started to exclude us mother and son
It doesn't matter if I'm kicked out of the Jiang family
This little Li is your biological son
You go from pain to pain
Can you bear to kick him out?
We just had sex with him because of the small fetus
He can be so lawless
Dad, I'm not lawless
I have also been thinking about our Jiang family
Do your part.
Chen Huacan is now with our Jiang family
Cut off emotional ties
He doesn't want to recognize you as a father
I don't want to cooperate with you
If this money is not put to good use
Our Jiang family may really be gone
Ah, yeah!
Grandpa, you can't let your daughter
Did you provoke the feelings between your father and son?
Yeah, Dad, you weren't sick some time ago.
I donated the bone marrow to you
You are not in good health
They don't care about being daughters
If you say you will get married in the future, you will get married
Isn't it still me who will retire in the end?
Who says we don't care about Dad?
Boy Xiaoli is right
Xiao Can doesn't recognize me now
Now he is the only man in the Jiang family
And he tried to save my life
Give me all the bone marrow
Now I can only trust him.
Dad, you are too biased
What, are you kidding me?
I will transfer all the funds now
Transfer all to Kobayashi
Let him make a comeback
Thanks dad
Dad?
Dad Jiang Li is lying to you